BZZZZZZT!
Milbert: Peast? How did you arrive in the airship?
I'm sure I had the door closed, I'm sure I did!
Dang it!
***Milbert: Do you have any idea what you are doing?
Coming up here just for a bunch of money?
You are writing your own death ticket!
I've got a lot of guard robots in this airship, you know!
***Milbert: What came across your mind when you decided to come up here?
What was it? Did you have any sort of consideration for others when you decided to come up here.
You are so selfish! You ruined my life plans! You ruin so much.
I bet you spent your entire childhood shooting other kids with tennis-ball cannons!
***Milbert: You think you can just come up to where I am?
Sorry buddy, it's not that easy. I have put up a load of robots here to make you think twice before coming up here!
Have fun now!
***Milbert: Why do you have to infiltrate everything I have!
It's not fair! You really want that money don't you?
Well, I've got another little surprise coming your way!
Just come upstairs, I'm tired of waiting.
***Peast: At last, I have finaly arrived... I need what is rightfully mine.
Milbert: Well well, if it isn't Peast or
Alan Woodford, the well known bounty hunter...
Peast: (Did he look at my personal information? How dare he!)
Milbert: You have infiltrated my plans, you have destroyed so much and given such little respect to my friends and colleagues.
However, whilst you have been occupied in your little gate crashes - I have ammassed massive amounts of strength.
I have learned from the last time we have fought, the same mistakes shall not be preformed.
Prepare to face me, because if you remove the 'a' from your name, you are nothing more than a...
Pest.
Ha! Ha! Ha! Ha!
Peast: Heheheheheheehe...
Heheheheheheehehehehe-
No.
Milbert: Shut up and fight me, you rat!
***Milbert: YOU...YOU.... YOU... LITTLE....
FOOL!
Peast: The tides have turned, all your little schemes have failed.
If you don't tell me where my money is...
I'll make you.
Milbert: No! NO! NO! 
No way! You haven't seen the last of me! 
You never have...
I have ONE last weapon!
Peast: Oh boy...
Milbert: We'll take this outside! 
I'd love to set the scene for out TRUE final battle!!
